itad.position
itad.rank
itad.sales
itadPlain
steam.about_the_game
steam.categories_description_Captions available
steam.categories_description_Co-op
steam.categories_description_Commentary available
steam.categories_description_Cross-Platform Multiplayer
steam.categories_description_Full controller support
steam.categories_description_In-App Purchases
steam.categories_description_Includes Source SDK
steam.categories_description_Includes level editor
steam.categories_description_LAN Co-op
steam.categories_description_LAN PvP
steam.categories_description_MMO
steam.categories_description_Multi-player
steam.categories_description_Online Co-op
steam.categories_description_Online PvP
steam.categories_description_Partial Controller Support
steam.categories_description_PvP
steam.categories_description_Remote Play Together
steam.categories_description_Remote Play on Phone
steam.categories_description_Remote Play on TV
steam.categories_description_Remote Play on Tablet
steam.categories_description_Shared/Split Screen
steam.categories_description_Shared/Split Screen Co-op
steam.categories_description_Shared/Split Screen PvP
steam.categories_description_Single-player
steam.categories_description_Stats
steam.categories_description_Steam Achievements
steam.categories_description_Steam Cloud
steam.categories_description_Steam Leaderboards
steam.categories_description_Steam Trading Cards
steam.categories_description_Steam Turn Notifications
steam.categories_description_Steam Workshop
steam.categories_description_SteamVR Collectibles
steam.categories_description_VR Support
steam.categories_description_Valve Anti-Cheat enabled
steam.controller_support
steam.detailed_description
steam.developers
steam.dlc
steam.drm_consolidated_CrackProof
steam.drm_consolidated_Denuvo
steam.drm_consolidated_EA
steam.drm_consolidated_GameShield
steam.drm_consolidated_Games for Windows Live
steam.drm_consolidated_Kalypso
steam.drm_consolidated_SecuROM
steam.drm_consolidated_Ubisoft
steam.ext_user_account_notice
steam.genres_description_Action
steam.genres_description_Adventure
steam.genres_description_Animation & Modeling
steam.genres_description_Casual
steam.genres_description_Design & Illustration
steam.genres_description_Early Access
steam.genres_description_Education
steam.genres_description_Free to Play
steam.genres_description_Game Development
steam.genres_description_Gore
steam.genres_description_Indie
steam.genres_description_Massively Multiplayer
steam.genres_description_Nudity
steam.genres_description_Photo Editing
steam.genres_description_RPG
steam.genres_description_Racing
steam.genres_description_Simulation
steam.genres_description_Software Training
steam.genres_description_Sports
steam.genres_description_Strategy
steam.genres_description_Utilities
steam.genres_description_Video Production
steam.genres_description_Violent
steam.genres_description_Web Publishing
steam.is_free
steam.linux_requirements
steam.mac_requirements
steam.metacritic.score
steam.pc_requirements
steam.required_age
steam.reviews
steam.short_description
steam.steam_appid
steam.supported_languages
